Psalm 92, a psalm, a song for the
Sabbath day.
It is good to give thanks to the Lord
and to sing praises to your name, oh
most high, to declare your loving
kindness in the morning, and your
faithfulness every night on an
instrument of 10 strings, on the loot
and on the harp with harmonious sound.
For you, Lord, have made me glad through
your work. I will triumph in the works
of your hands.
Oh Lord, how great are your works. Your
thoughts are very deep. A senseless man
does not know, nor does a fool
understand this.
When the wicked spring up like grass,
and when all the workers of iniquity
flourish, it is that they may be
destroyed forever.
But you, Lord, are on high forever more.
For behold, your enemies, oh Lord, for
behold, your enemies shall perish. All
the workers of iniquity shall be
scattered. But my horn you have exalted
like a wild ox.
I have been anointed with fresh oil.
My eye also has seen my desire on my
enemies. My ears hear my desire on the
wicked who rise up against me. The
righteous shall flourish like a palm
tree. He shall grow like a cedar in
Lebanon.
Those who are planted in the house of
the Lord shall flourish in the courts of
our God.
They shall still bear fruit in old age.
They shall be fresh and flourishing to
declare that the Lord is upright.
He is my rock and there is no
unrighteousness in him.